Kubernetes UI (Lens) user guide (#255)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/compliantkubernetes/user-guide/kubernetes-ui.md

Because Lens is installed locally, and has no cluster-side component, it uses the *exact same permissions* as your Compliant Kubernetes user has. This makes it a perfectly *safe and secure* user interface to use and does **not** compromise your cluster's stability or security posture.

## Installing Lens

Head over to the [official Lens website](https://k8slens.dev/) and download the appropriate installation package for your operating system. Follow the instructions, and you should have Lens installed.

On Debian or Ubuntu-based systems, once you've downloaded the `.deb` file for your architecture, you simply run the following command (assuming you called the downloaded file `lens.deb`):

```bash
sudo dpkg -i lens.deb
```

### Note for macOS and Linux users

If you followed the [Install Prerequisites](../setup/) steps of this documentation, you have probably installed the `oidc-login` plugin to `kubectl` via `krew`. If so, Lens will not be able to find it. That makes Lens fail to authenticate via Dex, the OpenID Connect provider in Compliant Kubernetes.

> Running the following command makes the `oidc-login` plugin findable by Lens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two options for making the `oidc-login` plugin findable by Lens:

1. Edit `~/.profile` and add:

        if [ -d "$HOME/.krew/bin" ] ; then
            PATH="$HOME/.krew/bin:$PATH"
        fi

2. Run the following command:
```
